No Ars Magica, please.
 
 
 
Don't make it suck please.
 
 
 
remove crafting recipes for iron+ tools/weapons, forcing players to use tinkers construct/minefantasy/etc to make better
tools/weapons.
 
 
 
 
Please no gregtech.
 
 
 
this pack should be oriented towards survival multiplayer. factors like loot structure that can only be found by one 
player need to be revamped. i understand there is nothing at this moment to remedy the fact that many players will 
find empty chests wherever they go because the server has a 5k border to limit lag. for most this is not an issue, 
but would be nice to have it discussed.
 
 
 
[CHOO CHOO](http://i.imgur.com/G3CEw.gif)
 
                           .-"""".._'.       _,##
                     _..__ |.-"""-.|  |   _,##'`-._
                    (_____)||_____||  |_,##'`-._,##'`
                    _|   |.;-""-.  |  |#'`-._,##'`
                 _.;_ `--' `\    \ |.'`\._,##'`
                /.-.\ `\     |.-";.`_, |##'`
                |\__/   | _..;__  |'-' /
                '.____.'_.-`)\--' /'-'`
                 //||\\(_.-'_,'-'`
               (`-...-')_,##'`
        jgs _,##`-..,-;##`
         _,##'`-._,##'`
      _,##'`-._,##'`
        `-._,##'`
 
 
 
 
Please give strong preference to open-source mods over closed-source ones, especially ones which implement any kind of 
DRM (forestry, railcraft, thaumcraft, gregtech, and several others). I don't take kindly to people distributing 
malware. Unfortunately some of these malware-ridden mods are extremely popular so they can't really be excluded, 
but editing the mods in the pack to remove the malware would be a gesture of good faith towards the players.
 
I'm sick of the modding community being a toxic cesspit of competing egos, insular cliques, and questionable 
coding/distribution practices based upon a guiding principle of "fuck the players".
 
 
 
I would love to see it be a pack along the Mindcrack lines. I want something I can throw on a server quickly and 
easily without overpowered items like Dartcraft from day 1 showing up. Mindcrack was personally one of the best 
packs ever. Other styles of play are MORE than covered, we should be aiming for something unique, balanced and with 
a bit of skill behind it.
 
 
 
Hands down the BIGGEST complaint I have about FTB modpacks is the lag that builds up over time with no seeming solution 
in sight. If you can solve this, you will be gods in my eyes.
 
 
 
Apart from my mods i cant live without I would like to try new stuff that people love.
 
 
 
Really excited, good luck!
 
/u/Nathan2055
 
 
 
If you add Morph, disable abilities by default!
 
 
 
I would like the pack to not be overly frustrating, but still have a decent level of progression so that long term maps 
are enjoyable.
 
 
 
Try to be a bit more polite then some of the other FTB folks seem to be. One doesn't need to be cruel and sarcastic 
to hold their own position or to turn people down. Remember to Love and Tolerate.
 
 
 
Something all encompassing (Like Ultimate was) would be nice. Minecraft is about doing what ever you want. Having packs 
so fractured into "Magic" or "Tech" seems to go against that.
 
 
 
Please don't fuck this up
 
 
 
You guys rock! Can't wait, thanks a bunch.
Keep on truckin!
 
 
 
 
Can we help?
 
 
 
This marks a glorious day in FTB history. When reddit has finally left our mark it. Good job men.
 
 
 
 
Our FTB Unleashed users have found that Voxel causes major client FPS issues and have all switched to Rei's, FYI.
 
 
 
Thanks for creating this, and taking suggestions from the community!
 
 
 
Someone needs to make a mod with just a red stone cable in it for making sending redstone current to things as easy as 
red power was.
 
 
 
The configs in this pack should have as much as can be put into it.  Allow us to remove or option in the mods we 
want/don't want.
 
 
 
Keep in touch with the community
 
 
 
Don't pick mods with heavily overlapping theme or purpose. Ars Magica or Thaumcraft, but not both, for instance. Also 
it's bad when mods seriously replace each other / compete in providing the same things. How many types of pickaxe do 
we need?
 
DO use configs heavily, to turn off things, and make some things very rare (Better Dungeons, for example - they're 
cool, but at the default rate they flood the world with crazy awesome loot) Configs are the unappreciated heart of a 
good pack!
 
 
 
Thanks for doing this! Gregtech and Tinkers together would be amazing!
 
 
 
A mod pack would be nice that you can explore if you want to but if you don't it doesn't put you very far behind other 
people on the server. Also a pack that can run on not very good computers but still has most of the same features as 
regular mod packs would be nice.
 
 
 
Exclude Dartcraft please
 
 
 
Make sure that it's balanced.
 
 
 
You guys are doing a fantastic job!
 
 
 
Party it up guys
 
 
 
The Advanced Solar Panels Mod seems to be a good alternative to the Compact Solars Mod, because, there is a lot less 
grinding for the 5000+ iron ingots needed to make a High Voltage Solar Array. I would also like to see the GraviSuite 
Mod as a default in the pack because it is one of my personal favorite mods and it gives another goal to shoot for.
 
 
 
I probably missed some minor, but extremely useful mods that I use all the time, but never bother to acknowledge.
 
 
 
 
First off, if the Extra Bees mod is included, the mutator block should be removed since in a mid game stage, the player 
can use ender pearls to get a 100% mutation chance and this allows for every non-renewable resource to become defiantly 
obtainable quickly. However the Extra Bees mod is defiantly a great expansion and should be in the pack.
Second Applied Energistics is a great mod, but it almost takes things away from the original idea of automation in 
Minecraft. You used to have to make complex pipe routing, sometimes with a mix between Buildcraft and RedPower, to 
automate something as simple as reactor components. Either Applied Energistics needs to be nerfed, maybe increase 
power consumption by 10 times or something, and remove/ don't add Logistics pipes into the pack (similar reasons).
Thank you for reading this comment.
You're welcome :)
 
 
 
Forestry bee breeding should be set to Hardcore or Insane.
 
 
 
I hope it works out.
 
 
 
I'd like a modpack similar to Unleashed, but updated and with a few variations on mods. And, while I'm sure it'd be 
difficult, I'd like (but would understand if it didn't happen) some sort of book that had a short summary of every 
mod and a tutorial of the basics, almost like the books of Tinkers' Construct. Thanks for making this modpack, and I 
look forward to seeing it in the launcher :).
 
 
 
Make it balanced, but easy!
 
 
 
Getting a more active community on /r/FTBCrashes might be a good idea
 
 
 
Hats
 
 
 
Quality over quantity
 
 
 
If you could leave out Gregtech I would be so happy... unless you go Tinker's for one pack and Gregtech for another 
then you could have another periwinkle and orangered all over again... which would be fun.
 
 
 
MFFS is nice for servers that don't have proper protections = players can protect their own stuff safely without living 
in towns etc.
 
 
 
Maybe you could do a pair of packs:
 
Orangered as a harder pack to satisfy the players that like it rough, and Periwinkle for the players that don't mind 
sacrificing balance for fun.
 
 
 
Possibly have options for easy mode GregTech and very modifiable configs.
 
 
 
Nope.
 
 
 
gregtech
 
 
 
GLHF
 
 
 
please please plllleeeeeease, leave the severely game altering mods as options only. i dont think we should deny greg 
tech lovers their sweet embrace, but i personally hate it. so yeah.
 
 
 
Don't remove/add mods willy nilly like the Resonant Rise guys do, it's aggrivating.
 
 
 
New and interesting mods are good. Something like the horizon pack but with buildcraft, need the quarry. A pack that's 
a rehash of what's already been done is pointless. You also want to limit the number of mods included.
 
 
 
i feel that if it has BOP it should not include natura becouse off excessive processor load in world terrain gen and 
they pretty much add the same things with Bop being the overall better one
 
 
 
Please keep the pack simple and relatively easy on the computer
 
 
 
Just make it similar to Unleashed with the option to have greg tech.
 
 
 
Gregtech!!!!!!!
 
 
 
It would be nice to have any of the mods that add more to explore/kill/etc.  There's lots that add dungeons and new 
mobs and things.  Including those (or the option to) would be nice.
 
 
 
Extra bees
 
 
 
No buildcraft, please
 
 
 
STOP ASKING ME QUESTIONS
 
 
 
Add more opportunities to go on an adventure - a bit more (and different) dungeons would be great.
 
 
 
I would like to see mod packs like in the past. One for light pc's that almost anyone can use .Also  one with 
everything for us with better pc's.  example a heavy mod pack  . In the heavy mod pack include as many options as you can. I would like to see many mods that are optional or that have alternatives like a few different map options as a easy example
 
 
 
Should be able to run even with only one gigabyte of ram allocated (smoothly, if possible)
 
 
 
I would love a more magic based pack. slight amounts of tech like thermal expansion and forestry would be nice. 
No bees because bees are over powered.
 
 
 
Try to unified ores/ingots. One of the major problems of automation in the FTB Ultimate pack was that the Pulverizer, 
Macerator and Industrial Grinder created different kinds of dusts, sometimes causing conversion problems when auto 
crafting.
 
 
 
Bring in new members of team to help sort out mods faster.
We're a gready bunch but we do love you &lt;3 =)
 
 
 
Gregtech please, I know there's a ton of issues with greg and he's a cunt but it adds so much playtime to any tech 
modpack!
 
 
 
Can I hug you slowpoke and FTB team? :3
 
 
 
Galacticraft's copper/tin generation should be disabled
 
 
 
PVP based for Servers
 
 
 
Make it as cheaty as possible
 
 
 
Secret reddit statue you make from super expensive items.
 
 
 
Don't dismiss using the Universal Electricity mods, particularly Mekansim. It has excellent content, its open source, 
and the author is easy to contact via IRC or Github.
 
Try to keep the number of ore processing systems down. If you do include Mekanism I think IndustrialCraft 2 would be 
more bloat then anything.
 
Also, please disable other mods worldgen as much as possible and use Thermal Expansions configs instead.
 
 
 
I'd say I need railcraft, but all I really need is the tanks. I'd be satisfied with any multiblock tanks that are 
similar.
 
 
 
I'd prefer not to see infernal mobs as a default.
Also, have mapwriter's teleportation disabled by default if that isn't already planned.
 
 
 
I like Mapwriter with Voxel/Zan's so I can have a world-map and just keep Mapwriter's minimap turned off
 
 
 
Good luck ^.^
 
 
 
Really want a long term mod pack that isn't too frustrating.
 
 
 
Hopefully the  pack  is able to be use by the players with the mediocre of computers
 
 
 
Please don't use "The Safe" as a name for the pack even it gets most votes. The thing is: It seems that the guy who 
first came with the thread had some serious real life problems, and when explaining to reddit why didn't follow up, 
he was met with lots of shit talk in very insensitive way. To me, honestly, most of the jokes regarding the safe come 
across as a "reddit has a lot of douchebags" reminder.
 
ATG is a great worldgen mod, but it does still tend to leave too little flatter areas. Please see to its configs that 
we get a proper balance (well, at least as far as configs can go), without losing the fantastic mountains and other 
general awesomeness the mod brings.
 
As a pokemon fan myself, it would be awesome to have pixelmon included by default, as an option or maybe even having 
pack with it as the main focus. (honestly, though, even something as "simple" as having a universal config for it 
would be a huge help).
 
For omniwrench, any version will do, really. I just CAN'T. STAND. TONS OF WRENCHES! *sadface*)
 
Mekanism is fantastic. It deserves a place among all the other high-profile tech mods.
 
For all the mods, please disable the configs which mess up with other mods. I hate drama as much as the next guy, 
and I do like both mods, but the gregtech/TiC slapfight is bad form and they know it.
 
 
 
Please dont include DartCraft/Morph and any other mods that can make it way too easy, if it's supposed to be Ultimate 
for 1.6.4, it has to be hard, IC2 nerfs, GregTech without the stupid iron tool nerfs.
 
 
 
Have everything configurable
 
 
 
If possible include default difficulty settings that enables/disables mods and changes configs to make the game 
easier/more difficult. For example the harder difficulty would have gregtech enabled and recipes that are considered 
'op' nerfed slightly.
 
 
 
Try making a custom world.
Make it stable so it will run for 1Y+
 
 
 
Keep up the good work!
 
 
 
I would love to see Buildcraft and Industrialcraft left out to make peopel figure out ways to work around them.
 
 
 
More exploration!!
Less Magic/fantasy related mods! (including Morph) - more Tech/industry.
 
 
 
 
IC2 is the devil
 
 
 
When you have time make new FTB map =P
 
 
 
CC turtles nerf: Love them for building, but they might be OP for digging. Instead of not including CC, you can just 
remove the mining-turtle.
 
And have Modular Power Suits set to as hard as possible.
 
Thanks for reading.
 
 
 
The bigger the better
 
 
 
About the 4th question, I think a balance of Tech and Magical mods is good.   Although some magical mods really make 
the game too trivial, such as Ars Magica and blood magic being in the horizon pack together.
 
While Ars Magica is a magic mod, its not nearly as friendly with all of the tech mods like thaumcraft is.
 
Basically I'd want a bunch of mods that work great together with varying amounts of automation.
 
 
 
I really hope gregtech does get added. I love what it adds but certainly not the nerfs.
 
 
 
I know mo creatures says not to distribute, but a config file would be nice.
 
 
 
Thanks to you slowpoke that you are making pack for us. And please update the mods in it more often :)
 
 
 
It would be nice to make this pack like a Ultimate 2.0 sort of pack. Just lots and lots of mods to toy around with and 
use.
 
 
 
Do not add Buildcraft. It is getting old.
 
 
 
Wouldn't it be easier to use reddit comments to vote for mods?
 
 
 
Make sure all items are homogenized. By that I mean there's only one copper, one tin, one rubber, etc.
 
Don't include ChickenChunks, as it causes large chunk errors when used in large modpacks.
 
 
 
I love the idea of making mods optional,  since mods are in and of themselves optional additions to minecraft, making 
mods optional is ideal.
 
Plus, if I want to add something in that I didn't start with, it's great to have all  Id conflicts sorted out.
 
Also, why are all  hotkeys  conflicting in dw20 1.6.4?
 
 
 
Put in some new stuff and make it epic
 
 
 
Please offer several preset config files with options that people may want already set. For example, give us the choice 
of choosing from different configs to decide Gregtech difficulty. That, or at least add a readme .txt file so we know 
what to change without screwing something up.
 
 
 
Morph and Hats should be OPTIONAL.
 
 
 
Regular updates if mods have an updated, stable build.
 
 
 
Please test the shit out of it I can help - Cooki3Monsta
 
 
 
If applicable, include addons for the different mods (for example Mystcraft, MPS and Buildcraft).
 
 
 
Vote Serge Sonkin for president :P
 
 
 
I honestly don't mind how few/many mods are in this pack as long as its as stable as possible because without a good 
community the server will eventually lose lots of players again.
 
 
 
fuck gregnerf... I mean nerftech... whatever, you know what I'm saying :D
 
 
 
I'd prefer if everything possible was included, and on easy mode by default, but have the option to easily remove mods 
and enable nerfs. The reason being my friends and I are pretty diverse gamers, so we can't spend a billion hours 
waiting to get to end game in gregtech, we'd just move onto another game by then
 
 
 
I prefer for things to not be disabled by default.  I would rather have a complete pack and then if I choose to disable 
mods I would do so.  It just feels like a better approach for the way I think. I guess when I have to enable a mod, it 
feels like I am snubbing the team that put it together, whereas if I am disabling a mod it feels like I am customizing 
it.  So, totally a personal feeling type of thing, not a real issue.
 
I like that you have packs that include new mods that people are unfamiliar with.  however, if there are no resources 
for people to look at to figure out the mods, it just leads to frustration.  Not that the FTB team should get into 
producing wiki content, but possibly coordinating with some of the top youtube ftb guys by letting them know there are 
going to be some new mods and people will want op know how to use them could be nice.  Nothing was as frustrating in 
FTB as trying to figure out some of these newer mods with only a video from the 1.4 version to go off of.  But, maybe 
that's not how you all work, I don't know.
 
 
 
The other names are awful compared to the glory that is test pack please ignore
 
 
 
Meow.
 
 
 
Some sort of combination between Solitary Craft and FTB Horizons. For me it's not about using the best machine or what 
not, it's having a huge variety of ways to do things and create your own slice of creativity that makes modded 
Minecraft so cool.
 
 
 
Make sure you add on-going grindy stuff so that people have something to do when they get the machines - exploration 
incentives such as with Mystcraft, refining stuff such as Bees and Trees and crops and so on. Something to keep people 
going even after they get that ultimate thingmajig of ultimate destiny.
 
 
 
Keep the pack flexible so everyone from easy-mode players to hard-mode players will feel comfortable playing
 
 
 
Make the pack like ultimate;
Balanced,
Well Though Out,
Fun!
 
Thanks guys you're the best!
 
 
 
Keep up the good work!
 
 
 
Having derped about in Resonant Rise for a while I've begun to really appreciate the Universal Electricity mods ie 
Mekanism, Atomic Science and friends.  Yes they mainly provide a different way of doing the same old stuff, but it 
does give people choices in their builds and means every house doesn't have the same old workshop.
 
 
 
I would definitly enable GregTech but I agree that it's not for everybody.
 
 
 
Why not bring Resonant Rise into FTB since that was their goal in the first place?
 
 
 
I think this mod pack should be a evenly based, tech/magic modpack.
In my opinion I would Not like have ic2 included I just think it is overused, and it's differently a nice change not 
to have.
 
 
 
Any mods that don't "fit" in the pack should just be included as optional to prevent people having to manually add 
common mods.
 
 
 
Find weird and rarely used config to make common mods behave in novel ways.
 
 
 
Forming a large pack similar to the way Ultimate used to be is the best way to go for the pack, since that's why people 
are griping about FTB in the first place. According to the recent poll of nearly 4k people, 50% of them wanted a large 
modpack and an additional 33% said that they'll run as big of a pack as their computers can handle, so catering to the 
minority with low-end computers would be a mistake.
 
What most packs are missing nowadays are more additions to exploration. Since the introduction of horses, I want to go 
on adventures, but there's a severe lack of anything to discover out there. Adding mods like Ruins, Battle Towers, and 
Better dungeons would encourage more exploration and often reward it.
 
 
 
have cool redditor provided custom art and texture pack
 
 
 
Dont waste my time with gregtedium.
 
 
 
Uhh hmm...nope :)
 
 
 
We should go full rebel and have Tinkers' Construct and Gregtech in the same pack.
 
 
 
Please include universal configs for a multitude of mods, that way the pack can be modified with no ID conflicts.  
This would be a great convenience to everyone not satisfied with the included mods.
 
 
 
Dis gon be gud
 
 
 
please do not include dartcraft
please do not include power converters
please place higher priority over gregtech versus tinker's construct if a decision between the two must be made.
please enable "hard mode" on thermal expansion: in the configuration file, please use:
        B:MachineFrame.UseSteel=true
        B:Pulverizer.AddDiamonds=true
 
 
 
Gregtech
 
 
 
I do not care which one, but one reactor mod is a must.
 
 
 
I know there's a lot of hate of GregTech, but without it, IC2 is extremely boring.
 
 
 
I think that high configurability (with Gregtech especially) would make the pack much better, people often like to 
choose their own mods to include, try to find a good middle ground for defaults.
 
 
 
I have wanted this for a very long time.
 
 
 
Unleashed was an outstanding pack. Diverse yet balanced. A credit to FTB team.
 
 
 
 
None
 
 
 
This pack must include additional pylons.
 
 
 
I think for me the more mods the better. I like to keep a map for a long as possible and continued to be entertained. 
The problem with FTB current packs as after a week or two or heavy playing I start to feel like Ive ran through all 
new mods and since the same chunk of mods are always there just with new stuff doesnt take long to feel like Ive 
played with everything there is and either have to start a new map or play on the ATlauncher since there mod packs 
are huge. Rather keep supporting FTB so for me to continue I need a very large mod pack with tons of options.
 
 
 
Mods that add exploration are always nice to have.
Ore gen should not be increased to mutch, since it keeps people busy
Mayby, if possible, disable inksaks as a fuel for the bioreactors in MFR.
 
Thanks for making the Pack!
 
The_Bobo_NL
 
 
 
 
I mostly lurk on r/FTB, But I think Ultimate with the ability to explore the galaxy would be fantastic.
 
 
 
Whatever you add, please focus on balenceing all mods.
 
 
 
Please, no Metallurgy or Underground biomes. Keep the mods low. Resonant Rise is simply too much.
 
 
 
No Zombie Awareness, no meteors mod, Infernal mobs not default.Most BOP biomes enabled.
 
 
 
Please do not use Upboats Pack. It sucks as a name
 
 
 
To elaborate on the ore gen suggestion: the custom ore generation mod allows you to change ore gen with simple 
configs. I would really like to see some configs to make ore appear in massive veins instead of small, scattered 
pockets. That way, you would look for an area with, say, iron, and once you found it you would set up an actual 
mine there and reap stacks and stacks of iron. It would make minecarts far more practical, encourage exploration 
and multiplayer cooperation, lessen the practice of making giant quarry holes everywhere, change overall play 
strategy, etc. It would also allow you to do things like put oil and coal nearby, place diamond ore in lava lakes, 
etc.
 
Also, I personally like variety more than balance. Some mods *coughdartcraftcough*  may be unbalanced, but I like to 
have them as an option to use. If nothing else, disabling a mod is much easier than adding a mod, so I'd say let the 
gregtech/terafirmacraft types take out the mods they don't like. Also, might require a little programming, but if you 
feel like going above and beyond a config option to limit the number of mystcraft worlds to one per player would be 
awesome, because then servers wouldn't just ban it by default.
 
 
 
Daaamn. Those alien bastards are gonna pay for shooting up my ride.
 
 
 
Keep rocking!
 
 
 
Selecting mods to enable and disable before running a modpack for the first time.
 
 
 
Please try have a lot of agriculture, tech, and magic. Also it would be best if their was a texture pack like 
sphax.Also Itw would be so cool to add a ton of optional mods!!!!
 
 
 
No morph as it is overpowered. I shouldn't have to just kill a squid to be able to breathe underwater.
 
Also, whilst we're having a community pack, can we organise texture packs for it. I'm sure there are plenty of 
people willing to help.
 
 
 
Is it possible to have 2 map mods but optional for both so you can select which one you want?
 
 
 
I want to suggest steampunk\medium tech pack. Pack without hightech stuff, but with magic instead.
 
 
 
keep mDiyos mods out, for the good of all of us
 
 
 
Take a look at this modpack: 
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AkiiQeUlVYfUdDhHUEJRNDFPTjVUZ1JsRkNVYU0xTEE&amp;usp=sharing#gid=0
 
It's a complete modpack with most if not all interesting mods, unfortunatly in my opinion some of them are useless 
and don't belong in such a modpack, but I'm hoping FTB Modpack will head the same way and add more and more mods, 
I was pleased with Unleashed and I hope we will have the same mods, plus some of the new promising mods such as 
project red (even if it's just a re-make of redpower).
 
Secondly, all client side mods should be included as optional for a more flexible interface (ex: Mapwriter, Voxelmap, 
Rei's would give you 3 different choices of minimap).
 
 
 
I feel like some mods have features that achieve the same goal, and that they should not be used in the same modpack. 
Other than that, it's usually best to offer as many as possible while keeping them optional.
 
 
 
Make another server to go along with the pack that would be a huge hit.
 
 
 
Need a texture pack prebuild or easily build in the launcher.
 
 
 
Get it out soon!
 
 
 
Though I'm more of a tech person, I can hope that there's enough magical options for others who are into that stuff. 
Be sure that most of the other major mods are at the very least optional, since there are many opinions on what mods 
should be included in a pack. Generally people fall on a line of preference between gregtech hardmode and dartcraft
with buffed ores, and it'll be difficult to satisfy everyone perfectly. A pack with many optional features is probably 
a great compromise.
 
 
 
Please,  make a Gregtech-pack with MFR, i'd be so happy.
 
 
 
I believe for this pack to really succeed, it must allow for anyone that is interested in modded Minecraft to have 
fun in their own way. I know that Ultimate was built for machine and obtaining huge amounts of power, but some 
people would prefer to explore, go slay monsters, plant crops, or build luxurious buildings. Encompassing mods that 
enhance agriculture or enhance the building experience will truly create a wonderful modded survival for anyone.
 
 
 
Make it balanced and not uberly OP with good progression and different tech/magic trees.
 
 
 
No Tinkers' Construct
No Dartcraft
No Project Red
 
 
 
Beef and Bacon!
 
 
 
As much mods as possible in the best possible balance, which makes it hard but rewarding.
 
Quarry needs to be more expensive!!!
 
 
 
Disable crafting of any metal vanilla tools(axes, hoes, shears, picks, etc.) so that we have to use different options 
such as Tinkers' Construct.
 
 
 
Include OPIS with mapwriter
 
 
 
1) I'd really like to see a focus on balance.  This needn't be a huge undertaking - it should be enough to tweak mods 
like MPS (greatly increase costs, or remove it completely) that provide ridiculous advantages.  Players should never 
feel omnipotent (that's what cheats are for), though certainly they should feel more powerful as they build up their 
empire.
 
2) I think that it's very important to include at least a couple mods that add new monsters.  Vanilla monsters are 
very boring at this point.  Mods that add bosses are also very interesting to me as a way to add/extend "end-game" 
(or late-game) gameplay.
 
 
 
I think a really balanced mod pack with all the mods you choose plus with different modes for different play styles 
from easy to difficult would be a big plus.  Make it so that default is really balanced and allow for the people to 
choose their own style.
 
 
 
Hope it will turn out to be something good!
 
 
 
Please make this happen!
 
 
 
Aim for fun over perfect balance
 
 
 
You guys do a really great job! Honestly I mostly use the Direwolf20 pack. This is in part because he and I have 
similar tastes in mods and in part because I can learn how to use all of them by playing along with him as his videos 
come out. I'm not sure how this information is relevant so if it isn't please ignore me.
 
 
 
Having the full UE suite would provide a solid foundation for a tech based modpack
 
 
 
Make all mods optional so everyone can play as they like
 
 
 
Make the pack so people can choose their route. If they dont want to mess with IC2, do not force them. Same for 
thaumcraft/etc.
 
 
 
If I could veto one mod, it would be Metallurgy.  This is because it seems poorly implemented.  The picks seem useless, 
it is poorly documented, and its progression feels like a waste.  While experimenting with this mod, I spawned in a 
few different mining level 5 picks(according to their wikia).  Those should be higher than a vanilla diamond pickaxe 
(0 = punchable, 1 = stone/coal, 2 = iron, 3 = redstone/diamond ore, 4 = obsidian).   However they did not mine 
obsidian, and they did not feel fast on stone.
 
I limited my mod suggestions to a few essentials and non-essentials, but I would like the pack itself to be on the 
larger side.  Ideally, the pack would be a kind of spiritual successor to FTB Ultimate.  A good and even mix of 
tech, magic, exploration, and building.  It should contain a lot of options and not force the player into any one 
direction.
 
 
 
 
I'd like for a good amount of adventure mods (Better Dungeons, Infernal Mobs, etc). This balanced with tech and magic 
mods gives every demographic something to gain from this pack
 
 
 
Remove VoxelMap/VoxelPlayer as those cause issues on PVP servers especially since the color codes to disable it don't 
work immediately (they usually kick in minutes after a player has logged in)
 
 
 
I have a server running all plus a few of the mods listed above in both sections.  After spending about 30 hrs of 
setup and a week of testing with friends the pack is extremely stable, so we opened a whitelist and have currently 
about 150 people playing on and off on the server.  Since the server went live about 4 weeks ago, I have only had 
one crash - TE3 liquid duct error.  Since updating TE3 to beta v8 I have not had the problem.  Some players have 
progressed all the way through GregTech with no issues.  (I disabled GT ore unifacation due to some issues with 
carpenter blocks and project red).  I have a second more private server for just a few friends with all mods set to 
"hard mode" and MFR set to GregTech mode as well as forestry set to HARD.  Its a fun challaning pack for sure, most 
of my players say this reminds them of FTB Ultimate, which 90% of FTB players I run into on my servers will say that 
was their favorite pack.  It was extremely well balanced.  Since all my players are 18+ we look for balance as much 
as possible.  If you have any questions about this pack or would like to see my configs please email me. 
foxt83@gmail.com
 
 
 
Please add chococraft. It's a fun mod that adds lotsa options for transportation. Please don't include Morph. 
It's much too OP.
 
 
 
After seeing how fast people can work on the subreddit server, I think it's necessary that we create a difficult 
pack (there really isn't one right now anyway...). Obviously there should be many configs and tweaks that can be 
changed by the user to make the game easier and/or harder depending on the desired playstyle. Gregtech currently 
isn't in any pack right now, so I think it would be fine to set it as a default mod, but have the ability to 
remove it entirely if a person really wants to.
 
 
 
No Flying if at all possible ;)
 
 
 
If gregtech is added please add some sort of config/button so i don't cry while trying the pack.
 
 
 
I think that Gregtech should be included in some fashion. I know it splits the sub pretty heavily, but it is better 
to have it as an option.
 
 
 
I feel the pack logo should be snoo reading blueprints with a hardhat on while holding a wrench.
 
 
 
there needs to be as many mods as compatibility permits.
 
 
 
Good job.
I prefer a more technical modpack.
Not too much of farming options.
 
 
 
Please don't include Applied Energistics!
 
 
 
Add as many mods as possible to the Universal configs so it is easy to add in extra mods that may not be included by 
default.
 
 
 
I would like it as a medium difficulty pack
 
 
 
If the main goal is to revamp Ultimate, keep in mind that the thing I missed the most in Unleashed is the interaction 
between mods. Stupid example: my tree farm setup on Ultimate was Steve's Cart for planting and harvesting, Red Power 
for sorting, Forestry to burn saplings into fuel, Thermal Expansion to burn logs into charcoal, Railcraft boiler for 
energy production. Unleashed setup: MFR tree farm, MFR bioreactors and MFR biofuel burner. I love to build overly 
complicated things and to kill an ant with a nuke, it was house of fun on Ultimate but not on Unleashed. Bring it 
back and you'll have my eternal thanks.
 
 
 
No Hats. Trail Mix.
 
 
 
All the mods please
 
 
 
With the new Thermal Expansion features, Buildcraft is very nearly completely obsolete without the addition of mods 
like Railcraft and Forestry that tie in with it. Even the pump can be completely replaced with ExtraUtils' 
Enderthermic, since nobody uses pumps for anything but Lava and BC liquids. Quarries are just overall a problem in 
both their ease of use and lag potential.
 
Buildcraft is one of the oldest and most prominent mods in Minecraft's history, but since I started playing on 1.6 
with TE I haven't built a single item from it. Gates are nice, and quarries are still fun, but I am of the belief 
that at the moment Buildcraft is a waste of space without Forestry and Railcraft.
 
... /rant sorry &lt;3
 
 
 
Please, just give us a hard-mode pack with alot of options to do. I love packs that prolong the time before a 
world becomes dull. I'm one of the guys that can use the same world for ages and just move over when i'm bored with 
my base... But 90% of people will just switch servers if they reach "end"
 
 
 
 
It should focus on big and crazy builds, things that this subreddit likes.
 
 
 
If you can't get tinkers construct and Greg tech to work together, don't include tconstruct</span>
